Update README.md to explain how to add license key via props (#22)
jwplayer/jwplayer-react: README.md

  * Type: `string` (for `file` or `playlist`) or `array` (for `playlist`) or `object` for `advertising`
  * Example: `https://cdn.jwplayer.com/v2/playlists/abcd1234`

> If you are not using a cloud hosted player you will also have to give it a license key via the config prop:

Reviewer: Can also mention using this prop to pass other player options if you want.

```suggestion
If you are not using a cloud hosted player you will need to provide a license key via the config prop. This prop can also be used to pass additional player config options.
```

> * `config`

Reviewer: I think we can remove the `config` text from the Optional Props section below so we don't have this twice.
